gh-91118: Fix docstrings that do not honor --without-doc-strings (#31769)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2022-03-08-21-59-57.bpo-46962.UomDfz.rst

Classes and functions that unconditionally declared their docstrings

> ignoring --without-doc-strings compilation flag no longer do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ignoring the `--without-doc-strings` compilation flag no longer do so.
```

The classes affected are :class:`~ctypes.UnionType`,
:class:`~pickle.PickleBuffer`, :class:`~testcapi.RecursingInfinitelyError`,

> and :class:`~types.GenericAlias`.

Reviewer 2: I don’t think the module names should be hidden here.

Author: Fixed.

> The functions affected are 24 methods of :mod:`ctypes`'s classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The functions affected are 24 methods in :mod:`ctypes`.
```

Classes and functions that unconditionally declared their docstrings
ignoring --without-doc-strings compilation flag no longer do so.

The classes affected are :class:`~ctypes.UnionType`,
:class:`~pickle.PickleBuffer`, and :class:`~types.GenericAlias`.

The functions affected are :func:`ctypes.addressof`,
:func:`ctypes.alignment`, :func:`ctypes.byref`,
:func:`ctypes.CopyComPointer`, :func:`ctypes.FormatError`,
:func:`ctypes.FreeLibrary`, :func:`ctypes.LoadLibrary`, and
:func:`ctypes.sizeof`, along with a bunch of methods in

> :class:`~_ctypes.PyCPointerType:, :class:`~_ctypes.PyCSimpleType:, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`~_ctypes.PyCPointerType`, :class:`~_ctypes.PyCSimpleType`, and
```

> :class:`~_ctypes.PyCStructType:.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`~_ctypes.PyCStructType`.
```

Author: > I'm a bit skeptical about how useful this is, though—does anyone actually use the configure option to strip docstrings?

I think that if a flag exists, it should work fully. Also it's enabled by default so strings that should not be in the binary are no longer there.
